+++
date = '2025-06-20T20:09:29+03:00'
eventdate = "2024-10-20"
draft = false
title = 'Sidequest 01 No Makaroni this time'
+++



## No Makaroni this time

If you’re familiar with [The Kitchen Roll Conspiracy]({{< ref "makaroni-blog/02.md" >}}), you know that Neo once said, "Bring me something useful too." So, naturally, this became a sidequest to do exactly that. And what’s more useful than toilet paper? Just imagine a world without it—yikes.

Like any good friend, I packaged a regular eight-roll toilet paper pack (not sacred this time) in a box. Then, I forged a postage stamp to make it look like Tori had sent it through the mail. Why Tori, you ask? Well, they had just moved out, and sometimes they do crazy stuff. (Pun intended.)

The first delivery attempt didn’t go as planned. We were supposed to meet, but Neo wasn’t coming since they were out of town. So, I took a bus to their place and waited outside their block of flats. A perfect opportunity presented itself—a car pulled up—but instead of seizing the moment, I hid. A setback, not a failure. Time ran out, so I went to meet friends and postponed the delivery.

A day or two later, I tried again. Same bus, same waiting outside. To avoid looking suspicious, I lingered near the grill area. Then, two people arrived. This was my chance—now or never! They let me in without a word. To blend in, I even took the same elevator as them—though I could have taken the stairs since Neo’s floor wasn’t that high. Fortunately, they didn’t get off on the same floor as me. I placed the package, rang no doorbell, and dashed away, laughing my weird laugh.

I don’t think it was the same day, but maybe the next—Neo sent me a message asking if I knew anything. I wasn’t sure if forging the postage stamp was illegal or not. And to be honest, I was stressed because of that. I had to admit what I had done. Neo's reaction: "That's what I thought".

Later, I found out that before asking me, Neo had asked Tori if they knew anything. Tori was confused and replied to Neo, but Neo was busy and only responded much later.

No Makaroni this time, yet still laughable. This is my way of showing I care. They ask, and I provide. I’m happy they are my friends.

